My name is Narangirit, I was born and raised in Olambata, Mongolia.
My father, my younger brother and I were in the army.
During that time, I had money to buy whatever I wanted and enjoyed going drinking with
my friends, which made me feel better at times insatisfied and happy.
But my stress with life quickly returned.
One of my best friends started to study the Bible with Jehovah's Witnesses.
She used to give me tracks and talk about Jehovah often, but I never read them.
One day, when I was feeling really down, I wondered what was in those tracks and decided
to read them.
I really liked what I read.
I wanted to know more about it, so I called my friend and said, can you please teach
me about the Bible?
Then I started to study the Bible and go into the meetings.
At one meeting I heard Jehovah God listens and answers his servant's prayers.
This truth touched my heart.
I decided to learn more about God and to cultivate a close relationship with him and to worship
him.
I told my father about my decision to retire from the military.
Of course, he didn't want to accept it.
He tried everything to stop me.
I felt bad that I was letting my family down.
I really loved Jehovah.
I never looked back, but I had another obstacle to overcome.
I lived with my boyfriend.
He never accepted the Bible truth.
I loved both Jehovah and him.
I didn't want to lose either of them.
So I prayed to Jehovah, please help me that he legally marries me and let me be a servant
of you.
I did everything I could do.
But he said, if you don't leave this religion, I will never marry you.
Later he told me, I'm going abroad.
Come with me.
To be honest, I thought I could go with him and get married then become a servant of God.
But I prayed to Jehovah, please help me to make the right decision.
When I realized that I had to cut off the relationship with him, who didn't want to marry
me, I cried until I had no tears left.
I really loved him, but my love for Jehovah was much stronger.
I was surprised at myself that I made this decision.
In March 2008, I was baptized and I started regular pioneering from that December.
I was appointed to be a special pioneer in August 2010, and I'm joyfully serving in
the city of Dharham.
I'm still single, but now I have many friends who love Jehovah and care for me.
I have more self-respect than before.
For me, the real satisfaction and happiness come from working with Jehovah and serving him.
I have more self-respect than before, but now I have many friends who love Jehovah and care for me.